we're here today at Carolina bully farms
with our newest lugar sweet money and Mo
Money this is probably the most
exceptional liquor we've ever had
it's just absolutely phenomenal this is
just proof of what's what's to come here
at moneyline we have the fat money in
leggy luckily after this one looking
just as good we're gonna bring those out
when they get a little older every one
of them is just phenomenal for males in
this liquor
it's about impossible to decide which
one this pick here little boy over here
and when he get up he's he's huge when
he stands up the here up underneath me
this little guy I'll sing in the last
video
I can't money
this is what getting breeding mo moany
does right here
Oh big guy stood up over here now I move
too fast but they get where they're
going
they're swiggy there's big sweetie she's
lost a lot of wagons and during this
liquor you can imagine those well guys
drink a lot
they're only four weeks old they just
turned four weeks old here
that's top speed right there
they're built just like adults already
already have neck muscle structure
everything's they're just a small little
package right now
icon slipped up over here I can't look
at the camera
so this is the sweet money in Moe my new
litter just thought we'd give y'all an
update don't forget the lock favorite
and subscribe to us on YouTube and we'll
be back soon with more videos